[Delegation Toolkit] Improve code snippets (#2101)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: delegation-toolkit/how-to/create-smart-account/configure-accounts-signers.md

This example creates a [Viem WebAuthn Account](https://viem.sh/account-abstraction/accounts/webauthn) as the signatory,
using Viem's `toWebAuthnAccount` function.

:::info Installation required

> To work with WebAuthn, we’ll be using the [Ox](https://oxlib.sh/) SDK. Please ensure that the SDK is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work with WebAuthn, install the [Ox SDK](https://oxlib.sh/).
```
